Update Reporting documentation: ES configuration, avoiding Token expiration (#208257)
elastic/kibana: docs/user/reporting/reporting-csv-troubleshooting.asciidoc

[[reporting-troubleshooting-csv-token-expired]]
=== Token expiration

A relatively common type of error seen for CSV exports is: `security_exception Root causes: security_exception: token expired`.

> These happen in deployments that use token-based authentication (SAML tokens) when creating the CSV report takes longer than time allows with the authentication that is cached in report job details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This error occurs in deployments that use token-based authentication (SAML tokens) when it takes too long to create the CSV report with the authentication cached in report job details.
```

> The thing to note about this type of error is that the deployment is stable, it's just the size of a requested report is too large to complete within the time allowed by the authentication token available to the Reporting task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means that the deployment is stable, but the size of the requested report is too large to complete within the time allowed by the authentication token available to the Reporting task.
```

> ==== Avoiding token expiration

Reviewer: I think this heading is causing the build to fail. I'll change the heading level to see if it works.

> * You can work around this error by creating smaller reports: instead of one report covering a large time range, create multiple reports that cover segmented time ranges.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You can work around this error by creating smaller reports. Instead of creating one report that covers a large time range, create multiple reports that cover segmented time ranges.
```

> * Another workaround would be to increase `xpack.security.authc.token.timeout`, which is set to `20m` by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Another workaround is to increase `xpack.security.authc.token.timeout`, which is set to `20m` by default.
```

> * To avoid token expirations completely, use a type of authentication that doesn't expire (such as Basic auth) or run the export using scripts that query Elasticsearch directly.

Author: I copied this text directly from the GH issue, so the word choices are probably not the best in its first draft.

Reviewer: Thanks Tim! I've suggested a few changes for readability

> * To avoid token expirations completely, use a type of authentication that doesn't expire (such as Basic auth) or run the export using scripts that query Elasticsearch directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To avoid token expirations completely, use a type of authentication that doesn't expire (such as Basic auth), or run the export using scripts that query {es} directly.
```

[[reporting-troubleshooting-csv-token-expired]]
=== Token expiration

A relatively common type of error seen for CSV exports is: `security_exception Root causes: security_exception: token expired`.

This error occurs in deployments that use token-based authentication (SAML tokens) when it takes too long to create the CSV report with the authentication cached in report job details.

This means that the deployment is stable, but the size of the requested report is too large to complete within the time allowed by the authentication token available to the Reporting task.

> === Avoiding token expiration

Author: @wajihaparvez this section should be a sub-section of `Token expiration`. When I tried using `====` to give it a level-4 heading, I encountered an asciidoctor error of `WARNING: user/reporting/reporting-csv-troubleshooting.asciidoc: line 97: section title out of sequence: expected level 3, got level 4`. What needs to be done here?

Reviewer: I think you need a [float] before this section. I'll add one and we can wait to see if that fixes the build error

Author: Thanks! That did fix the problem for me locally

Reviewer: Looks like it worked!
